 Thank you for the introduction. I'd like to thank Nicholas Racculia and the St. Vincent College Health and Fitness Club for making me feel so welcome here on your beautiful campus tonight. and for honoring me with the Invitation to come and speak. I would also like to thank Andrew for making some of the arrangements for my stay I want to thank my friend and Dept Chair, Dr. Brian O'Neil a physician's physician, who took my shift on Wednesday, so that I could put some of the finishing touches on this presentation; lwant to thank my beautiful wife Marilyn, my lifting partner, life partner, and my love, for indulging me in this extracurricular career of mine...a|ong with many other indulgences; and I want to thank my dear friend, and benefactor, and teacher, Mark Rippetoe, the author of Staning Strength, without whose inﬂuence and guidance and kindness I would not have embarked on the path that me hereto speak to you tonight. And, finally, I want to thank my friend, the very strong Jordan Feigenbaum, who set off this lecture series earlier this year with an extraordinary presetnation, an act I cannot hope to follow, and who chose to do so while wearing a suit and tie, thereby compelling all future speakers to do the same, thanks a Iol, Jordan. Tonight, I would like you to join me in the exploration of a concept that has been gnawing at me for sometime, the concept of the modern aging phenotypes, and in particular the Sick Aging Phenotype, which I conceive as a syndrome of interrelated processes and debilities, particularly sarcopenia, frailty, the metabolic syndrome, and polypharmacy, terms which I will explain as we proceed. we will then examine the power of exercise medicine to combat this sick form of aging, and in particular the power of resistance training for strength. I'll put fonnlard what I believe to be an excellent exercise Rx for those in our 5th decade and beyond, and in the process, we'll have an opportunity to touch brieﬂy on what I believe to be an important and transformative picture of the aging adult. This is a full agenda, and our iime is limited, so I hope you will indulge me, and I will pleased to answer your questions at the conclusion of the presentation. So, let's begin. Our general human attributes take many forms. While we all share common hereditary and species»speciﬁc characteristics, that mark us as members ofa particular strain of hominid, we nevertheless display a vast range of physical, metabolic, and behavioral variations, than is, phenotypes. Phenotype is a strange but useful word, a construction from the Greek: phainen 4» typos.